they are friends here and jenny dyer
there is a rollback to general
on bye my family bye bye with you
there were months of expensive fat board
Well, then later the name went
tourist
rate the dynamics of the total maximum
Generally whom this machine is suitable
This machine is suitable for
wanting
The car was combined 2 characteristic exactly
sportiness
and wherein
character sports while doing so
clearance was
yes as a middle ground is generally difficult
I also find when selecting the best me
semi important
my previous cars what
will have low imagine checks you catch on
gets on your nerves
because sure with normal cars
power and speed
the dynamics were good with this power
combined with a paint
so that he does not go into a skid in the bath
lurched
this is often a Lexus and so
Further
horseradish is generally slu
so the car is happy message soon
felt only in the city 120 140
while speed hatch want
kids dynamic advice my first
there is no return what you can
migration and heat glasses
even insurance dear wear it
due to the fact that
we take the youth we fly
and all kind of crashes
so car is great
what else can you say about him
consumption certainly weighs more drowning here
already 38
If the throat is moderately normal ride
sixteen
as a basis
as well as the middle I let
22 liters
what speed
Dashevskaya cars of course bad roads
insanely beautiful
and here all
car is fine my advice take sit
you want your whole character
requires drive manageability
and beauty machines so that
clearance is normal but it is low
normal pains are not like a sedan
sporting so on
car with
all thanks you will meet
ru